# ICT Student Society / IT Lab Admin Meeting 27th October 2017

- New name for the group
    * It was decided that "VIA ICT Student Society" was the most suitable name

## Previous events

- LAN
    * Jacub is up for arranging the LAN party again next semester   
    * The LAN party went well but a few things could have been done differently
         * Contact sponsors to 2 months ahead to get prizes
         * 3-4 organizers is not enought for managing about 5 games. It should either be a smaller event with with less games or there should be more organizers involved
         * Online registration for the turnaments didn't work well because a lot of the registered people didn't turn up
         * It would be better with a larger room such as the A Auditorium

## Upcoming events

- GIT Workshop
    * David will do this
    * 8th November 12:45

- Internship presentation
    * We should get in touch with someone from Systematic that can present
    * David can do a presentation about Insero the 15th November 12:45
    * Possibly get in contact with someone who took their internship abroad

- CAL workshop/help
    * A 3rd semester student requested help with CAL (more specifically Assembly)
    * Signe can help with CAL
    * Signe should get in contact with Lars (CAL teacher)
    * Vlad should ask his fellow students about how many is interested in getting help and should figure out which dates could be good

- Specialization
    * 2nd semester students already picked this, but they would still like a presentation it seems
    * Signe should get in contact with people from 2nd semester and people from the relevant specilizations (e.g. Embedded: Poul/Signe, Crossmedia: David, Data engineering: Kris)

- Ask Kris when he can do a workshop about workshops

- Visit Aarhus University
    * AU sometimes arrange special lectures Friday afternoon
    * Datbar (the computer science bar) is open every Friday from 15:00
    * Signe will arrange a date to go visit AU

- Movie night
    * Jacub said he can arrange this
    * E.g. Office Space, The Matrix, Scott Pilgrim or another nerdy movie

- Android workshop
    * Jacub would possibly like to arrange this
    * David said he can do a Xamarin demostation

- Raspberry Pi workshop
 
## Room

- Moving the room
    * David said he will get in contact with Michael about moving the room
    * Maybe have a board by the room and in the hallway about upcoming events

