# ICT Student Society / IT Lab Admin Meeting 27 October 2017

now to clean up my notes... :|

## Changes within the group

- LAN
    * jacub
    * 2 month ahead... sponsers... prizes.. more time
    * more people to help with... there was about 10, but they were not helpful.. 3-4 actuallly organizers... more for about 5 games.... or smaller with less games
    * online registration
    * A auditorium

- specialization
    * already picked. the last time...
    * Poul/Signe, David, Kris...

- Ask Kris to do a workshop about workshops
    * jjj
    * 

- get in touch Signe internship... 15th... kris 12.45... should be....
    * get touch with people doing internships
    * google... Jakub
    * systematic (Chunti/Maggie)
    * Insero Kris/David/Nico
    * CERN 
    * Internships abroad

- git workshop
    * date... 8th november wednesday 12.45... 2 hour workshop
    * second semester

- Signe AU events

- CAL assembly workshop/helper class
    * 1X Lars... get in contact with lars and make him tell the students that there will be a workshop... Signe
    * tue/thurs 12.45...... if less than 5 five... Vlad... text me on Facebook

- Android workshop... jacub arrange
    * David can maybe show something... and xamarin
    * David xamarin demo... cross platform apps... C#...

- Explain stuff about analogy
    * meet and nerd out

- Moving equipment, but Michael is unresponsive... David will contact him
    * Board about ICT Lab events near the canteen

- ICT student society

- Workshop Raspberry Pi.... David

- Electives
    * The fifth semester students are not her soo...

- Jakub... arrange movie nights.... movie mondays
    * E.g. Office Space, Matrix, Scott Pilgrim...................


-------------------

old

- Getting new people in the group
    * A lot of new people showed up and seemed very enthusiastic about arranging events
- Facebook administrators and moderators
    * We need to add new admins and moderators to the Facebook group eventually as most of the current admins are going to graduate this semester
- Room and equipment
    * We recently got a new room with lockers full of equipment (VR equipment, Arduino, Raspberry Pi, LEGO e.t.c.)
    * We need manage the access to the new equipment. Some suggestions include:
        * Trusted students with keys
        * Using students cards for access
        * Using a survailance system
        * Board with paper listing student numbers and what was burrowed
        * Using a deposit system
        * VIA staff with keys
    * Signe should get in touch with Michael about having a poster for the room
- Renaming the group
    * Often teacher and students get confused about the name of the group. As such we have decided to rename ITLab. The new name wil be ICT Student Community

## Upcoming events

- LAN party
    * Jakub and some others doing this (Sorry you are all new so there is no way to remember your names)
    * Using Surveymonkey for arranging a date will be experimented with
    * Room E.303 should be possible to use for the LAN party
    * There needs to be made some PR about the event. Make a Facebook event and possibly make posters. It is also possible to ask the reception to put a picture file for the event on the slideshow in the canteen
        * For Facebook events make two posts in the group. One pinned and one posted ordinarily in the group. Remember to add a descriptive text.
        * Remember to write something in the event close to the date of it, so people remember to come
    * Get in contact with the VIA ICT staff for receiving funding
    * It might be possible get a sponsorship if the right people are contacted

## Workshops and presentations

- Workshop about making workshops
    * Kris is going have a workshop for this soon

- Presentation about internship experiences
    * Poul, Kris and David might do this

- 2nd semester seems interested in advice on specialization
    * It should be possible to arrange this, but the 2nd semesters should get in touch with us if it is something they would like

- Electives
    * We might arrange a presentation for this on a later date